about.md, before:

---
layout: page
title: About Us
permalink: /about/
tags: about
---
We are a team of diverse high school students from all over Chicago with the goal of increasing diversity in STEM.

## Our Mission

As the United Innovators, we aim to inspire underrepresented people to enter the STEM pipeline and to give people the resources they need to pursue 
their interest in STEM.

## Our Project

To accomplish our goal, we are using a multi-pronged approach:

1. Launch multiple STEM summits targeted at students transitioning from 8<sup>th</sup> to 9<sup>th</sup> grade. These will use creative hands on activities to spark an interest in STEM while avoiding other "preachier" methods that do not create any genuine interest in the STEM fields. 

2. Launch a project with an impact well beyond what we could ever hope to  achieve in a year by making the knowledge we gain from running summits, as well as from implementing hands on activities, freely available to all through the use of  the ** United Innovators** website (this one!). This website contains a blog providing information on our progress, our triumphs, and our tribulations, as well as connecting those interested in the STEM fields to the appropriate resources. We will also use a second repository, also hosted through the [**United Innovators**](https://github.com/organizations/UnitedInnovators "Our GitHub organization!") GitHub Organization, to provide the information necessary to set up the activities we designed for our summits.

Together, these two angles will allow us to inspire young students during their transition to high school to pursue their interest in STEM while also having a snowball effect that will greatly increase the impact of our work.

## Our Team

To accomplish our challenging goal, we have assembled a team of top notch high school students from all over Chicago, as well as two adult advisers. We are *Topgun* material, made up of the best of the best of the best. Enough drum-rolls, here they are:

----------

{% include team.html %}

Commit message:

Add summary metadata to _config.yml and to about.md. Also enable linking to related posts.

about.md, after:

---
layout: page
title: About Us
permalink: /about/
summary: We are the United Innovators, a Chicago based team dedicated to increasing diversity in STEM.
tags: about
---
We are a team of diverse high school students from all over Chicago with the goal of increasing diversity in STEM.

## Our Mission

As the United Innovators, we aim to inspire underrepresented people to enter the STEM pipeline and to give people the resources they need to pursue 
their interest in STEM.

## Our Project

To accomplish our goal, we are using a multi-pronged approach:

1. Launch multiple STEM summits targeted at students transitioning from 8<sup>th</sup> to 9<sup>th</sup> grade. These will use creative hands on activities to spark an interest in STEM while avoiding other "preachier" methods that do not create any genuine interest in the STEM fields. 

2. Launch a project with an impact well beyond what we could ever hope to  achieve in a year by making the knowledge we gain from running summits, as well as from implementing hands on activities, freely available to all through the use of  the ** United Innovators** website (this one!). This website contains a blog providing information on our progress, our triumphs, and our tribulations, as well as connecting those interested in the STEM fields to the appropriate resources. We will also use a second repository, also hosted through the [**United Innovators**](https://github.com/organizations/UnitedInnovators "Our GitHub organization!") GitHub Organization, to provide the information necessary to set up the activities we designed for our summits.

Together, these two angles will allow us to inspire young students during their transition to high school to pursue their interest in STEM while also having a snowball effect that will greatly increase the impact of our work.

## Our Team

To accomplish our challenging goal, we have assembled a team of top notch high school students from all over Chicago, as well as two adult advisers. We are *Topgun* material, made up of the best of the best of the best. Enough drum-rolls, here they are:

----------

{% include team.html %}
