---
layout:     post
title:      So, What's Next?
date:       2017-07-12
summary: Our future plans
tags: future goals reflection
---

If we had to describe this past year with one word (and we will if you keep reading), magnificent would be the unanimous choice. Magnificent in terms of the change that eight high school students were able to accomplish. Magnificent seeing the smiles on the students that came to our workshops and summit and left inspired and empowered. Magnificent bringing shareholders and partners together to make the world just a little better and fairer (both senses intended).

This brings us "back to the future", where we intend to grow this community innovation project into a non-profit organization that will serve the globe! As of now, we have established a partnership with the Hyde Park Neighborhood Club in Chicago and we will be doing a two week STEM Program with their summer program youth. The program, much like our workshops and summit, will host a variety of different Science, Technology, Engineering, and Math activities that will encompass both hands on experience and more strictly informational sesions.

Moreover, we are currently attempting to establish another partnership with a foundation in order to provide scholarships for minorities pursuing a STEM based career or project, not to mention a very, very, big surprise coming up about possibly going international next summer! Every single one of us is incredibly hyped for what UI is going to do moving forward for the countless number of youth that we have yet to reach. The future is bright. 

And lastly, we would like to thank every one of our partners for contributing any ounce of time or effort to helping us achieve what we have thus far. Without you, none of this would have been possible.

<blockquote>
  <p>
    One must imagine Sisyphus happy. 
  </p>
  <footer><cite title="Albert Camus">Albert Camus</cite></footer>
</blockquote>

